what's so crazy about his range DPS
potential
then
simply you can get a tier one weapon on
him which takes him up to pretty much
the normal DPS of a ranged hero that
can't teleport understandably a
teleporting ranged hero doesn't have
quite as much as a one that can't
teleport the problem is you can then
also get an accessory which increases
his range by 7 and his DPS by 50% now he
by default is a bit of a hybrid hero he
actually does more DPS in melee than he
does in range by default and he is the
lowest range DPS hero starting for that
reason that's why that accessory which
is quite expensive gives him a whopping
50% increase because on its own it sucks
it's really expensive and even though
it's 50% it's still not really that
impactful in actual real numbers
because the default value of the wat
SPID XI is terrible but the problem is
you get both of those WG is in tier one
and he does 50 DPS in range which is
basically higher than any ranged weapon
in any tier that a hero can get which
means even in tier one it will bleed
things like the strike Squad and
Commander armor and light infantry armor
no chance manie's in a bit of a tricky
spot right now I don't think they want
to fight free GRE knits and Demon Hunter
simultaneously the fight against the
strike squad's a bit of a 50/50 I think
it is favored for the Banshees but they
can definitely lose it if they don't get
lucky with the
specials oh talking about look look at
that strike Squad died at a beautiful
time there for adilla anyway huge HP on
the squad but losing a model somehow
deoy plasma so cry probably quite
grateful that he went for two IST given
he's going to be facing two banshees I
think he'd like two IST against that I
don't know maybe you want faster
purgation I'm not super sure
no upgrad yet on the spiders this is
still his default damage going for
double IST Sergeant for now and you can
see he's lost basically all the map
early on one of the Banshees went down
this side and whilst the IST can kite
them because they're the same speed as
the Banshees prior to the Banshees
getting their aspect which gives them
the fleet foot
ability they don't get much opportunity
to actually Force off the Banshees and
then you lose your micro and then the
the Banshees are compromising your IST
and you're gone so it's a bit awkward
with the impact grenade from the
sergeant they're a lot better the
sergeant also gives them that
durability so that you don't lose models
as quick to the W spider
xar Rangers are coming out next keeping
on with shuriken pistols for now you can
see the red debuff circle there on the
Demon Hunter because he has been
targeted by those pistols which will
Mark any models that they hit to make
them take more
damage so trying to bait the strike
Squad into the lot of banshees right now
nine banshees in Retreat path is pretty
yikes that will be a dead strike Squad
model potentially losing this one as
well but a rift tear coming in there
from the Demon Hunter to stall that
approach we do see the Imperium brain
mines here from the Demon Hunter so not
sure that these really have been used
yet and we do already have a detector
out so there are a set of Mines that can
be
deployed let's see how they Fair they're
going out here you see there's a bunch
of them spread out in an AOE that sort
of spread on the throw with the mines
will be reduced the closer the location
that you throw the mines is to the Demon
Hunter staying in quite far here I would
yeah disagree with
that yeah lot of bleed there kind of
messed up his micro though did cry he
actually walked back into the grenade
which he'd already dodged and there is a
brain mine getting triggered by an
impact grenade actually that's an
interesting thing isn't it I never
really thought about that you can use
the impact grenades as a pretty cheap
and liberal way to prop these mines even
when they have been detected so when
they're detected cuz the Rangers are
nearby they won't automatically trigger
when the enemy stands on them but
they'll still do damage if they blow up
but you can't Target your own
mines but you can use impact grenades
potentially to force them to trigger
interesting it also will protect the
Demon Hunter if the Banshees run into
melee you can just throw them really
close to you like in this location do
some nice Spike damage if you time it
well when all five banshees are on top
of it that could be quite strong them
we'll see given that Rangers are already
in the field it is going to mitigate
their value quite a bit this whole time
one of the IST been side
capping only one gen though for cry
adilla didn't manage to get that other
gen Rangers are here and detecting these
mines so it's not really delaying the
bansi advance and this is not looking
like a good engagement for the strike
Squad they've got their TOA
Titan but you don't want to fight two
banshees God it's not good psychic
filment Global in the ice te for more
range and damage but not really cutting
it and Rangers detecting that mine so it
doesn't go off now the Banshees are
going to finish the bash not great so
guardian's taking some good damage over
here really good damage from those
mines really nice damage the order shall
not
H psychic Beacon from the Rangers man
you never see that ability the P strike
Squad here just really cannot engage
banshe special throws that other model
back now risking losing the Demon Hunter
as well yep he's going down but because
these ranges are here the whole time
these banshees otherwise would have
retreated through mines but they're not
too bothered o they did proc on this
guy but I don't know if it's it only
affected this one model not the other
one so I going to be all
right your is the of the psychic assment
once again in the IST will handily allow
them to defeat those Guardians there one
V one cry just wanting to get back onto
the map control you can see man even
without reing his hero he has no
resources at all right now competing
with the w spider xar who's decided he's
going to dedicate himself to this part
of the map it's probably quite helpful
having a teleporting hero when there are
these two garrisons to contend with
impact grenades do some good Spike
damage to garrisons I believe they do
250% damage to units in garrisons but
it's still not a frag right so even a
unit in G in a Garrison taking 250%
damage that's not going to be the same
as a
frag one of our own has died in service
to the
emperor another emperium mine going off
there to elongate that damage over time
against the
Banshees okay so the strike Squad right
now should be able to take this fight
against the Banshees the damage of a
Time still going in certainly I was
going to say if they can route the
Rangers prior to the Banshees getting
into combat would have been a bit tricky
if the Banshees were in combat with the
rang is still shooting to make the
strike Squad take more
damage yeah banshe is not wanting to
fight them getting shot by lasguns right
now they are on the light infantry so
they do feel that
pain but man cry is so far behind no
wreck basically no
power our enemies are kind of failing to
see how a quick Falcon here isn't just
GG but apparently not cuz this is a
replay I'm casting I won't be casting it
if it's 10 minutes
long man adilla is even using Gates he's
got 476 VP to 335 what the hell does he
do wrong here cuz you know cry clearly
is on the back foot majorly he needs a
big comeback and I just don't know
I just don't see what the hell he can
even
do his own mind's blowing up his IST
there
somehow hit them with a grenade did he
all of our strategic
points yeah I don't get it he hasn't got
any purgation so it's not like he can do
some sneaky side capping or
anything guess the Banshees are going to
have to overcommit at some point and
just get
wiped unlocking higher level but I don't
know why they do that when there's only
one strike Squad so little power for cry
look at this this is mental he's only
got a power node right now which is why
adill is committing so hard he just
wants to pin him down he's going to go
for a RI
Lord Rift te into an impact grenade
that's nice play yep and all the pew pew
whittling down these banshees slowly
that's what you got to do you got to
whittle them down before you get into
melee you don't just want to charge at
them not a pair of banshees that would
be a terrible idea bit of Mis micro here
from adilla does not want to keep his
Rangers chilling out
here still loses a model I mean he had
GRE knights in Retreat
path constantly using the global here
just to get more or was that the global
or was that the a from the strike Squad
I'm not even sure I did see him earlier
using the global for a bit more energy
on the the
DH but cry not even tier two yet R FL
already on the
field so how's he going to deal with
that so you want ranged
AV you could go for a la Rhino but given
that the ra Lord can get the Shoulder
mounted bright Lance it's not very good
if it was another Walker you could
consider
that all right he's going to get a beo
he's going to go for hard a makes sense
yeah it's your best choice here really
vindicare it's all right given there's
only one Guardian for repair but it's
just not a lot of DPS to be honest and
then he could pick up the shuriken on
the ri Lord and it would be brutal oh
The Retreat path saving the strike Squad
quite well
there impact grenade unfortunately not
doing too much
there be really nice to set that impact
grenade off when the the Banshees are a
top it and now we have Wallock who also
detects mines for some reason
so yeah mines are not really doing a
whole lot here one of the good things
about the mines is it's debuffing the
raar floor doesn't do any damage to him
but it is a big snare
so if you hit it with the
Beamer and the mine I think it should
get
immobilized now you also have the armor
on the Demon Hunter which obviously he
doesn't have right
now oh this could be a big fight strike
Squad justic car
present ah and he did a spike a mine
Spike right there threw them all at his
feet and they exploded and you can see
the damage is quite good quite strong
psychic Fortress is activated on the
strike Squad slowing off these banshees
down them and the strike Squad are
affected by the Imperium brain mines but
because the Banshees have so much more
models they end up taking a lot more
damage from the
mines the mines damage of course scales
on the m models that are there so a bit
of a fail really there to have the
Rangers sitting at the base and not near
the Banshees that wouldn't have happened
otherwise well you could still throw the
mines down even if the Rangers were
nearby if you then impact grenade your
Demon Hunter and again the impact
grenade wouldn't really do a lot of
damage to the strike Squad going to do a
lot more to the IES due to the higher
models so yeah versus Mass melee spiking
with the mines can be quite effective
not very good when they spread out like
this not when the enemy has a warlock
and not when the enemy has Rangers
running around but yet to spike them on
the floor right next to you so they're
all together and then hit them with an
impact grenade yeah could be quite
strong one of oury structures is attack
by the
enemy so I'm not sure what the plan is
here W spider still has no upgrades so
they these guys are just going to sit in
here forever it's going to take forever
for the W spider to get rid of that I
Squad they're not going to get out
either so we had the attempted attack
there on the rare flood but it looks
like it was a little bit too aggressive
yeah we even had psychic Calment on them
but there's no support So flanked by
Guardians and hit with a plasma grenade
ah yikes killing the Demon Hunter in
Retreat as
well he's going to need another vehicle
he might want to get a a last Cannon
Rhino to be
honest as long as he keeps a last Cannon
Rhino near the Beamer he should be okay
cuz then this thing can't just charge at
it with a shoulder M bright Lance the
last Canon Rhiner will be longer range
so the r FL will want to force melee on
it and then you back off the Rhino and
bait the enemy into your Beamer but it
is that'd be a lot of commitment onto a
RL you could just go for a heavy Bol to
Rhino as well okay he's just replaced
his Demon Hunter for now I'm assume that
he's going to get an upgrade here that
was a very nice special before these
Guardians retreated leading to the wipe
of the Warlock so strik got to pulling
through right
now they're getting a lot of levels and
they start getting really really strong
with these levels might even wipe the
Rangers oh wipes the Rangers really
quite poor micro there from adilla not
certain what he was looking at probably
this over
here oh caught caught in a pretty bad
position oh messes up his his throw
there he's trying to path block with a
Demon
Hunter not quite going to work ra Lord
lives to fight another D killed a couple
of
bation force glaive well yeah you're
fighting two banshees makes sense you're
going to have to go for the force glaive
aren't you
boom little delay then big Spiker damage
and not back in an AOE around your Demon
Hunter and is that going to lead to the
death of one of these
banshees oh it's going to lead to the
death the Demon Hunter again Banshee
squad one will get out
alive uh not looking good against the
strike squad though but yeah risky ra
Lord is still in play not sure what the
IST are going to do to the ra Lord he's
scared with the RL ah yeah wisely scared
cuz there is a pation in the back with
psychic assment once again look at the
range there 30% this is basically guide
guided Beamer
bang must have just started his wind up
whilst the ra FL was right on that angle
and kills the RL just with the Beamer
the power of that ability psychic sment
so so strong really good on a really
good on the vinda Assassin I
remember a league uh series that I
played against Valero and I was using
psychic assailment on the vindicare
Assassin and I killed two of his K
dreadnots and he was not
happy I think had the vindicare Assassin
and a lasz rhino we were just killing
dreadn all over the place which was
quite
funny yeah it's just huge range thanks
to the range buff it's really good
really nice
Global seen good Global usage actually
at cry this game as I say he's been
feeding his Demon Hunter with a fair bit
of energy to spam these mines liberally
cuz this is a problem you can see he's
constantly low on mines and again look
psychic
Fortress so this is debuffing the speed
of any squads that are near the ist he
did that before in the fight over here
where he did the the mine Spike bang
they AR quite quick don't they these
mines I wonder if that is standardized
or if they AR quicker than normal it's
nice even if you don't kill the models
you can force them back into the enemy
base to heal for a while which which has
its value it means they're not
capping late there on the fanaticism to
dodge the grenade damage but
unnecessary acolyte quite fearsome in
melee much like the guardian
warlock yeah he's doing pretty good
actually see you later
guardians but adilla is tier
three so adilla not really investing
that much in tier 2 literally just got a
a ra Lord no upgrades on the wat sper re
Arc
yet not sure if demon hun has enough
energy for his ability here I don't
think he does inferno oh he does what's
that about 80 energy or something will
that save the
IST now if this was the Warlock this is
where you'd activate Swift movement and
they'd be dead but oh God they might
even die to the Imperium
mine I think they'll just get to base in
time yeah demon has to get out of there
getting flipped around cuz level three
Banshees
our bles wait what
it how is he getting flipped around by
level three banshees when he's level
four rein I don't know what does this
not give
him it does he not have 70 melee skill
Sur he should what I'm so
confused if he has 70 Mele skill that
would be the same as banshees but
because he's a higher level they
shouldn't be able to proc a special on
him the that was weird well you guys can
go rewind and watch that see if it was
like a special on the IST or he was
running away or
something nice there you go you got the
combo mines plus impact grenade oh man I
never thought of that
combo
H
interesting that is a nice application
for mines for the auto malas that other
factions don't have and the fact that
the Demon Hunter throws out so many
mines it makes the impact grenade even
better
cuz you've kind of got more choices on
where you where you want to activate
that you got a bit more room
forever you don't have to predict
exactly where they're going to go with
one mine what an eldrich in the base to
kill GRE Knight strike Squad a dealer
for [__]
sake fuing
hevel that was
garbage was it that necessary to try and
kill a [__] strike Squad okay well
this is how adilla froze and he's just
bleeding like
crazy oh dear Emperor's torch now so
this is the energy Eco ability but it's
a tier one energy Eco War gear so you
can see Max energy energy per second
your energy
regen now he's using an AAC to kill PG
in the Garrison but he doesn't have a
vehicle so what's the point he's gone
tier three and he spent all his
resources and not got anything tier
three so I'm a little bit confused as to
what's going on right
now
um well he just hit his own banshees
with that
grenade [__] hell and we have an
inferno coming up so these banshees are
in
trouble yeah they are going to get out
of there oh we're going to see a sky
leap from the autac back up she
goes so she can be called down again
without cost in wck and
power just in
red really do not like the series of
players and really C is going to exploit
that by going for a gray Knight
dreadn once again using a bit of this
psychic Fortress store the Banshees out
don't let them get into melee sort of
thing still no upgrades on the W spider
xile
[Applause]
not really a whole lot that the DH can
do here as he's just going to get shot
if he goes into melee it's going to be
base turrets it's a bit pointless so
that's why he's sort of waiting around
here instead oh look at that cute
Emperor
torch light the
emperor little bit of heal over time and
some damage resistance in an AOE but on
a single hero that's not going to be
particularly relevant needs to retreat I
don't oh is that a good grenade that was
all right it was all
right so Adan right now got an
absolutely absurd amount of power very
poor attention there completely missed
his War spider xac being
executed and that's actually kind of
painful cuz he's really doing very well
on Power and he has barely any
requisition in
comparison so that's a shame
I think cry is going to focus on the VPS
at this point probably going to be a
melee dreadn I would imagine keep this
one with the Inferno Cannon and then in
the invent of a vehicle you could swap
The Inferno Cannon one to a
melter then you can get the armor on the
Demon Hunter in tier two which gives you
the rights of exorcism which is kind of
like a melter bomb plus Mark
Target ability in
one it's like a bomb that can go through
walls which is very
cool it does Spike damage snares a
vehicle and also does a damage
resistance debuff onto the vehicle to
make it take more damage this is a
really bad fight for the Banshees hit by
an Imperium brain mine taking AE damage
from grey Knights getting shot on
approach and then fighting level four
strike squ with justic car no
thanks
yeah adilla severely wasting basically
all of his resources here looks like
again he just got hit by a a mine Spike
into Inferno which is not really ideal
finally he's going to be getting a fire
prism that will counter a melee dread or
an inferno Cannon dreadnut but I mean
it'll counter all the dreadnots it will
even counter a melter one however like I
say you can set up the kill
there snare it with the rights of
exorcism and then force meley with a
melted dreadn
this thing will go down quite quick but
you've got to get the rights of exorcism
Demon Hunter into range which is easier
said than done currently game looking
very dominant for cry 227 VPS with a
Triple cap in his favor obviously adilla
can't really push out right now he's
trying but it really is pointless he's
just going to bleed you can't just
charge banshe straight into an inferno
Cannon for God's sake yeah not not a
good
idea now they're just going back to heal
what was point of all that not sure
strike Squad so tanky you can see even
the disperse shot there from the prism
not really doing a lot of damage it's
going to take him a while to get rid of
these
guys this is kind of a
problem oh
wow he swapped to a a single shot and
that was actually beautifully accurate
against infantry which is a
rarity just going in the Decap kind of
desperate right now he's bleeding so
many VPS he knows he can't get out
triple freaking
dreadn
wow oh did he just hit it he did he got
it with the rights of exorcism there you
go so you can see that sort of flashing
means it's taking more damage and the
dreadnut is in melee hilarious even
though it's in the base wow they didn't
even need the melter literally just
hacked it to pieces with a halber I mean
good God that was a massive throw from
adilla Jesus adilla went tier three got
on autar and dropped an eldrich in the
enemy base to kill a strike Squad and
didn't even kill the strike
Squad I
mean
what a lot of very questionable fights
in the mid to late game with the
Banshees as well that didn't really
achieve a whole lot for ailla other than
a lot of bleed was
incurred but the Banshees were very
dominant early on and to be fair man I
don't even know how this game went on as
long as it did it really looked like
pretty much from tier one adilla had had
locked cry into the
coffin but somehow he burst back
out weird mines and impact grenade
that's definitely something to try out
guys try it out and let me know is it
any good that's going to be all for you
by top this time I am Che tuning out
[Music]